Automark 6.0 (Jason Kim, Zachary Schmidt; Summer 2022)
	A comprehensive list of changes made in V6 (including file names & line numbers)
	is found in Bugs_In_AutoMARK_V5.txt
	Bug Fixes
		Frequent issue in Marking Criterion with usage of strcmp when data is bool.
		Short balloons/notes (less than 2 chars) were not being added to linker; 
		changed so that all balloons/notes are now added.
	Report
		Turning off all criteria for a template feature (dimension, datum, etc.) results 
		in no mark-up (checkmark) on report.
	SolidWorks Macros
		Font info for BOM table was being pulled from the student but not the key. Added this to key macro.
	File Locations
		The prompt for selecting files would previously default to the current working Matlab directory.
		It was very annoying to keep navigating to the same place. We instead passed the directory one
		level above the student folder to uigetfile, uiputfile, & uigetdir.
	Chamfer Dimensions
		Change was made to accept angle or 180-angle. This is more fair since
		chamfer angles of 45 and 135 mean the same thing.
	Centerline Tolerance Boxes
		In V5, the tolerance boxes in the default template were +/-0.003mm for centerlines.
		We changed this so the default for centerlines that are less than 45 degrees from
		horizontal have +/-0.008mm tolerance in x and +/-0.002mm tolerance in y (and vice versa
		for centerlines that are greater than 45 degrees from horziontal).


Automark 5.0
	Score Table
		The generated reports now organize the scores for the different views into a single table.
		The location of the table can be chosen in the settings menu.
	MarkingTemplateGUI
		Changes have been made to this GUI to make it more comprehensive and easier to use.
		Object feature weights will automatically update according to changes made to their children.
	

Automark 4.0
	SettingsGUI
		Control over default weights of features
	Marking
		Redistributed marks of features more evenly
	TemplateGUI
		Can now create assignment summary which details how grades are distributed across the assignment


Automark 3.4
	SettingsGUI
		The settings user interface now allows full control over the font size style and colour of the automark report
	Criterion
		Added BOM content and col order criterion to the automark report
		Toleranced dimensions are now being marked
		Added mass and material criterion
	BUG fixes
		Fixed missing name bug which caused a crash
		Fixed zip file issues when using unpackeclasszip
	Class report
		Added a poor performers table to the report
		Removed unneccesary stuff from report directory


Automark 3.3
	Bug Fixes
		Fixed bug to do with unable to pull info from model which caused a crash
		Fixed bug coming from solidworks api not returning a position 
	Report
		Text placement no longer overlaps as much
		Can now mark view types on sheet
		Can now mark solidmodel mass and material
		No longer writes view type on top of the view
	Class Report
		Automark now generates a class report in pdf format with histograms of student performance


AutoMark 3.2
	Bug Fixes
		When student submissions had a space at the end of their sheet names that space would get auto trimmed in the extraction process
	 	to matlab but not trimmed in the image name. Fixed this by trimming the space everywhere
		Their were missing criterion that were trying to be marked resulting in a crash added a catch statement so these submissions can
	 	be marked
		Zip files larger than 400 mb will now be repackaged into multiple zips
	New Criterion
		Added a bill of materials font type criterion and a bill of materials font size criterion
	AutoMacroGUI 
		Can now run the v6 script without having to be make pointless folders, just select the directory containing the drawing and run
	 	the macro
		Addition of a lamp which turns green once the macros have finished running
	MarkingTemplateGUI
		The tolerance and other graphics of a feature appear automatically once the feature is selected, to edit the criterion you must
	 	select it in the active criterion manager
	MarkingGUI
		Option to run macros and marking with one button so the user can simply click the run macros and marking button and not have
	 	to wait and watch for the macros to finish
		Addition of settings menu which will pop up when the gear image in the top left corner is pressed this can take a second or two
	 	to load
	Settings Menu
		Ability to control the report details: Professor Name, Assignment No, Course Name, Current Semester, Active Email
		If an email is entered into Active Email an email with the marking log and scores will be sent to the marker upon completion of 
		the marking, I have seen this fail before and an email will not be sent if the program crashes
	Marking Log
		Can see how many files of each type the student submitted


AutoMark 3.1
	AutoMacroGUI
		Updated AutoMacroGUI to be easier to use for TA's by having radio button selectors for the macros and just a single student folder input
		Still need to add an other field for macros
		Black Console with better error messages
		Error handling for incorrect current directory
	MarkingTemplateGUI
		Fixed broken HTML element bug that was in previous version
		Created a mouse click tree navigation system for the drawing and criterion
		Simplified layout of elements
		Added edit fields for tolerances that display the changes on the drawing
	Automatic Fullscreen
		For both updated applications
